Update interact widget class and variable names (#163)
satisfactorymodding/Documentation: modules/ROOT/pages/Development/BeginnersGuide/SimpleMod/machines/SimpleInteraction.adoc

== The Widget

The very first thing we do is to create the GUI itself. You do this by creating a new BP-Class of type `Widget_UseableBase`.
This works like every other regular UMG widget, so be sure you're familiar with how they work.

> In our case we'll add two TextBlocks, and a button with a TextBlock in it which has the label "Rest".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our case we'll add two TextBlocks, and a button with a TextBlock in it which has the label "Reset".
```

* {blank}
+
Block Movement::

>   Activate this so keystrokes get used to trigger events in our widget. (`Esc` to exit the widget)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Activate this so the widget consumes keystrokes, meaning it can use them to trigger events. An example keystroke would be pressing `Esc` to exit the widget.
```

* {blank}
+
Block Mouse Look::

>   Activate this so the mouse movements get used to actually make the mouse visible and allow click events to happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Activate this so the widget shows the mouse cursor and receives mouse input, allowing it to react to events like On Click.
```
